CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?

Restate_agents.py & exconverter.py 

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?

These two files go hand in hand, the problem that I am solving is real estate agent data insertion. Someone in my company has to every year or so go through 800+ agents and write down their
information on an excel spreadsheet. Well no longer these to programs will do this for you. One collects the data the other converts the csv data into an excel spreadsheet. 

3. What will you learn from developing this program?

I will learn how to use python automation to help with mundane tasks like data entries and recording. 

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

    os
    pandas 
    selenium 
    webdriver 
    By
    WebDriverWait
    expected_conditions
    time
    csv
    load_workbook
    openpyxl
    font
    alginment
    get_column_letter

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

    I will have two files that complete different tasks but do not ask for user inputs or print on the console but rather copy 
    data and paste it into sorted columns in a csv file. 

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?

Yes, I will write test functions to test at least two of my program functions.

